doc-guidelines-rt: Added a guideline for use of the Registered Trademark symbol in our docs (#67220)
openshift/openshift-docs: contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc

====

[id="third-party-vendor-product-names"]
== Third-party vendor product names

Red Hat integrates with many third-party vendor products. For certain integrated products, third-party vendor staff might have access to certain Red Hat resources and be contactable within Red Hat. On other occasions, common open-source products might be widely used across IT infrastructure providers, so Red Hat might not have direct contacts to organizations that own these products.

Depending on the third-party vendor's requirements, you might need to add a registered trademark symbol to all of the vendor's product names or just the first occurence of referencing the product name in a module, assembly, or document.  

Choose any of the following sources for clarification on using the symbol for a specific third-party vendor product name:

* Visit the third-party vendor's website and contact them directly.
* Contact internal Red Hat product teams or integrated third-party vendor teams.
* Contact the Red Hat Legal team. Only consider this option when the other two options did not provide clear context for your query.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Do not use Asciidoctor a character replacement substitution, which relies on a Unicode code point such as _&#174;_, to set the registered symbol in an `.adoc` file; instead use _(R)_ beside the product name. For example, `IBM(R) LinuxONE`. Although, the Unicode code point works on `docs.openshift.com`, the code does not render on the Red Hat Customer Portal documentation.

Reviewer: > Do not use Asciidoctor a character replacement substitution

I think there's a letter or word missing here, unless I'm misreading.

> Do not use Asciidoctor a character replacement substitution, which relies on a Unicode code point such as _&#174;_, to set the registered symbol in an `.adoc` file; instead use _(R)_ beside the product name. For example, `IBM(R) LinuxONE`. Although, the Unicode code point works on `docs.openshift.com`, the code does not render on the Red Hat Customer Portal documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Do not use Asciidoctor character replacement substitutions, which rely on a Unicode code point such as _&#174;_, to set the registered symbol in an AsciiDoc file. Use _(R)_ beside the product name. For example, `IBM(R) LinuxONE`.
```
